Hello sir, good evening. Good evening.
We would first have your introduction
sir. What is your name?
>> Yeah, my name is Amit Sati.
>> And which organization you work for ICC
Lombard. So it's been more than 22 years
and recently I left ICC Lombard. It's
insurance company and then joined as a
consultant to multiple insurance
companies now. So I provide services to
most of the insurance companies.
>> So sir, how did you first hear about
lawyer or chalan?
>> So one of my friend actually received
one chalan. So he asked me you know do
you know someone you know uh in your uh
network who can help us. So one so there
is a common connection between you know
the lawyers guy and you know my friend.
So he has introduced me a lawyer and uh
we could be able to you know uh succeed
in that [snorts] case. So that was a
case study actually.
>> Oh nice. So if you had to explain lawyer
to a friend in 10 seconds what would you
say?
>> So I think it's a very very fantastic uh
uh platform. It's a legal assistant
platform you very very service unique
service proposition for the customers
and it is a very pain point these days
for the customers to you know clear
their chance and when I look at from the
insurance perspective I think you can
risk the scores can be you know
calculated basis on this each and all
those who are having maximum chance you
know uh insurance company can deny you
know uh the discounting part so we
always you know it is helpful for the
customer also and for the insurance
company. So overall ecosystem wise if
you look at it is fabulous.
>> So sir today you know that is a big day
for lawyer it is lawyer. So any words
that you want to say to us and for our
journey ahead
done sir. Thank you so much. Thank you
so much.